update readme with components and workflow (#79)
confidential-containers/enclave-cc: README.md

signature and decrypting it, unpacking it into user rootfs in enclave, then booting up user containers and mounting encrypted rootfs,
all the container processes are isolated with enclaves.

## Design
[Design document](docs/design.md)

## Components and workflow
Accoding to the design and implementation of this project, enclave-cc uses components from cloud native technology stack, Intel SGX technology stack and existing key mamagement technology stack together with its own developed components to deliver a process based confidential container solution in the Kubernetes platform with standard cloud native user experience.

![ecc_components_workflow.png](docs/images/ecc_components_workflow.png)

Where:

> - enclave-agent: enclave-agent is a process inside LibOS inside the enclave. It accepts request from shim-rune and handles image management, attestation, config management, and fuse encrypted file system management.

Author: Hi Dan, I think the agent-enclave stands for an enclave  and enclave-agent stands for a process running in the enclave, and in this context, I think enclave-agent is more suitable.

> - enclave-agent: enclave-agent is a process inside LibOS inside the enclave. It accepts request from shim-rune and handles image management, attestation, config management, and fuse encrypted file system management.

Reviewer: Hi Hairong, That's interesting. I hadn't interpreted it like that. That might be too nuanced for most people to understand... e-a != a-e  :-D 
At any rate I don't see that as blocking feedback for this PR, but maybe something we can sort out for consistency later.

> - enclave-agent: enclave-agent is a process inside LibOS inside the enclave. It accepts request from shim-rune and handles image management, attestation, config management, and fuse encrypted file system management.

Author: Agreed, we can later unify the terms or event make a term list when necessary.

- operator: operator helps to install/uninstall enclave-cc runtime in a cloud native way.
- LibOS: Occlum is supported and Gramine in future.
- FUSE encrypted file system: enclave-agent puts decrypted app image into an encrypted fs and later referenced by LibOS as rootfs to start app enclave container.

Deployment of enclave-cc runtime:
- deploy of the operator according to [CoCo Operator installation guide](https://github.com/confidential-containers/operator/blob/main/docs/INSTALL.md)
- install enclave-cc runtime according to [Getting started of CoCo](https://github.com/confidential-containers/documentation/blob/main/quickstart.md). This installation process will execute enclave-cc runtime [deployment script](https://github.com/confidential-containers/enclave-cc/blob/main/tools/packaging/deploy/enclave-cc-deploy.sh) to: 1) copy shim-rune and containerd binaries into host directories 2) copy image bundles of agent enclave container and boot instance to host directories 3) copy config of shim-rune to host directory 4) reconfigure containerd to enable enclave-cc runtime

> After the enclave-cc runtime is successfully installed by the operator, the application workload can be deployed. Bellow is the workflow of running an application workload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the enclave-cc runtime is successfully installed by the operator, the application workload can be deployed. Below is the workflow of running an application workload:
```

- end user defines a POD config yaml to describe the workload and runtime requirements according to  [the example](https://github.com/confidential-containers/documentation/blob/main/quickstart.md#creating-a-sample-coco-workload-using-enclave-cc)

> - end user deploys the POD into Kubernetes and request gets to containerd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- end user deploys the POD into Kubernetes and the request is propagated to containerd
```

- shim-rune gets sandbox and container creation request from containerd and creates pause container

> - shim-rune creates agent enclave container with runc; runc references OCI spec and roots in host preinstalled by operator to start the container with LibOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- shim-rune creates agent enclave container with runc; runc references the OCI spec (config.json) and rootfs which were preinstalled on the host by the operator. This starts the container with a LibOS
```

- shim-rune asks enclave-agent to pull encrypted workload image via TTRPC request
- enclave-agent receives image pull request, verifies the image signature by getting verification required resource from KBS after remote attestation
- enclave-agent downloads the image and decrypts the workload image by getting decryption key from KBS
- enclave-agent generates ephemeral key to encrypt the workload image with FUSE encrypted file system

> - shim-rune sends collected workload's config to enclave-agent

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this means

Author: this refers to https://github.com/confidential-containers/enclave-cc/issues/20 and https://github.com/confidential-containers/enclave-cc/issues/46, which is not finalized yet but looking for a short term solution(after LA is ready), I put current proposed solution in to the diagram, but should be updated according to future actual implementation

- shim-rune creates app enclave container and runs LibOS boot init procedure
- app enclave does local attestation with agent enclave and negotiates information encryption method(design/implementation ongoing)
- enclave-agent sends workload's config in encryption to app enclave(design ongoing)
- LibOS boot init procedure receives and decrypts the config; abstracts the fuse key to decrypt the FUSE encrypted file system(design ongoing)

> - LibOS boot init procedure mounts decrypted workload roots, builds workload running config and starts app enclave container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LibOS boot init procedure mounts decrypted workload rootfs, builds workload running config and starts app enclave container
```
